0bfd52f428ca-british-business-bank-strengthens-equity-l :: Charlotte brings 20 years’ experience across corporate finance and growth equity.
19mturnover-civil-engineering-firm-transitions-to-emplo :: CHC was advised on the transaction by a team from accountancy and business advisory firm Beever and Struthers, led by Corporate Finance partner Dean Curtis with support from Corporate Finance Manager Fatema Daud and Tax partner Ann Bibby.
2014070fbd8e-neutral-solutions-set-for-growth-after-own :: “Working alongside specialists from across the RG Corporate Finance business meant we were able to provide seamless support throughout the process.”
3bfd02dabfb0-rgcf-promotes-corporate-finance-manager.ht :: Carl Swansbury, partner and head of corporate finance at RGCF, added: “Euan has made excellent progress since joining us and has become a highly valued member of our team.
3bfd02dabfb0-rgcf-promotes-corporate-finance-manager.ht :: EF NGI Square One Law North East Chamber of Commerce Pictured, from left to right, are Nick Johnson, Euan Mullholland and Carl Swansbury of RG Corporate Finance Published by Bdaily Bdaily Business News on 04 Oct 2026 North East corporate finance firm RG Corpor
3bfd02dabfb0-rgcf-promotes-corporate-finance-manager.ht :: Euan joined RGCF as a corporate finance executive in August 2023 before being promoted to corporate finance manager in April 2025.
57304ded8e2b-djh-acquires-sbp-to-boost-liverpool-presen :: Bosses say the deal ensures continuity for clients, with SB&P’s local leadership team of Wendy McNulty, Rob Young and Suzanne Draper remaining in place while gaining access to a wider range of specialist services, including corporate finance, tax advisory and 
5de31095733d-ballards-strengthens-transaction-advisory- :: “His deep transaction advisory expertise and sector knowledge strengthen our corporate finance offering and align perfectly with our ambitious growth plans.”
5dfaa21d7321-palladium-catalyses-growth-with-get-set-uk :: EF NGI Square One Law North East Chamber of Commerce Pictured, back row, from left to right, are RG Corporate Finance's Simon Whiteside and Nick Johnson, with, front row, Emma Reilly, Carl Swansbury and Andrew Cameron Published by Editor Steven Hugill on 05 Ju
95f9445b6a57-rmt-appoints-corporate-finance-executive.h :: Matthew’s appointment adds further experience to RMT’s corporate finance team as the firm continues to support businesses with their funding, growth and wider financial requirements.
992db2ece799-planning-for-the-next-chapter.html :: “As well as being able to offer services we simply couldn’t before, such as corporate finance, we also have access to colleagues across the country with experience in every area of tax.
a03b27ca72a4-ryecroft-glenton-announces-eight-promotion :: In corporate finance, Tom Cosby has been promoted to senior manager, while Andy Alexander and Conor Quinn step up to manager roles.
a2ce0032a541-heligan-welcomes-largest-graduate-intake.h :: Five graduates have joined its corporate finance division and will receive training and support to work towards the ACA chartered accountant qualification over the next three years.
accord-marketing-acquires-insights-agency-acacia-avenue :: Fortitude Advisors acted as financial adviser to Accord Marketing.
accountancy-firm-adds-cardiff-and-barry-offices-with-la :: He continued: "Our clients have growing businesses with evolving needs, and being part of a national firm means we can now bring in specialist support on areas like tax planning, corporate finance or restructuring when the situation calls for it, without losin
accountancy-haysmac-acquires-corporate-finance-advisory ::  Accountancy HaysMac acquires corporate finance advisory Wed, 20 May 2026 | BUSINESS SALE HaysMac, a South East-based accountancy, tax and advisory firm, has expanded with the acquisition of corporate finance advisory practice Green Square.
acquisitions-help-wren-sterling-add-1000-new-clients-22 :: The group recently acquired The Stockdale Group and, in July, completed the takeover of Guildford-based independent financial adviser (IFA) Messer & Matthews Ltd.
acquisitive-business-support-firm-makes-double-swoop-22 :: VouchedFor is a review site for financial advisers, mortgage advisers, accountants and solicitors.
acquisitive-kingswood-takes-over-iboss-at-123x-ebitda-2 :: The group provides investment services, include managed portfolios, on an advisory and discretionary basis to IFAs (independent financial advisers) in the UK.
acquisitive-yorkshire-care-home-company-strong-life-car :: Strong Life was founded by Harpreet Banwait, who left a corporate finance career to look after his elderly grandfather in 2010.
afh-wealth-management-acquires-st-albans-counterpart-22 :: Avidity’s team is comprised of 11 qualified financial advisers and 13 administrative staff, with more than 150 years of collective experience in the industry.
anarchy-brew-co-newcastle-acquired-29723961.html :: The report outlines the chain of events which led to the firm enlisting financial advisors, telling how when Covid restrictions were lifted, trade was slow, with reduced events being booked and pub customers ordering less beer, which reduced revenues.
arco-buys-confined-space-training-services-206327.html :: John Gillibrand, corporate finance partner with Baker Tilly, who advised CSTS on the deal with Rikesh Patel, commented on the business sale: “Both firms have an excellent reputation within their field, and this deal will allow them to expand their services and
audioboom-puts-itself-up-for-sale-219878.html ::  Audioboom puts itself up for sale Tue, 11 Feb 2020 | BUSINESS SALE Podcast producer Audioboom has confirmed that it has put itself up for sale and that it has appointed financial advisers to seek potential buyers.
barnsleys-countrywide-healthcare-supplies-snapped-30048 :: The transaction marks the first deal for Manchester corporate finance practice Vertex, which was established earlier this year.
birmingham-financial-advisory-begins-buyandbuild-strate ::  Birmingham financial advisory begins buy-and-build strategy Fri, 17 Apr 2026 | BUSINESS SALE Financial advisory firm William James Financial Services has embarked on a buy-and-build strategy after securing growth funding.
bk-plus-adds-scotland-to-its-expansion-drive-226637.htm :: It focusses on supporting small and medium sized businesses (SMEs) with a range of services including corporate finance, banking, auditing, payroll and cloud accounting.
boltonbased-property-technology-firm-acquired-by-multin :: Abacus Solicitors concluded the sale and shareholders were also advised by IMAS Corporate Finance.
boutique-advisory-sold-to-frp-at-58x-ebitda-226208.html :: The company provides corporate finance services to clients locally and nationwide.
bridgend-industrial-repairs-firm-kontroltek-29869339.ht :: The ownership deal, the value of which hasn’t been disclosed, was facilitated by corporate finance boutique GS Verde Group.
cascade-cash-growth-150000-investment-25772410.html :: It has already managed more than £1bn of customer assets, with over £200m currently under its administration, and has a network of over 3,500 financial advisers across the UK that are using its platform.
celnor-acquires-asbestos-testing-and-inspection-consult :: Mazars was lead financial adviser on the deal, with Mazars partner Dave Hilton commenting: “This deal represents a fantastic result for the shareholders of APEC, and it has been a pleasure to advise on this deal for this long standing client.”
character-world-brands-bought-by-global-firm-bioworld-2 :: The team was led by corporate finance partners Pete Terry and Matthew Bryden-Smith and assisted by Cariad Lightfoot, Ammen Arya and Tilly Das-Gupta.
competitions-watchdog-launches-inquiry-virgin-29269223. :: Ben Perks, MD at Orchard Financial Advisers added: “Two lenders with different skills coming together could lead to the creation of a Super Lender, with a wider range of options available to clients.
county-durhams-quorum-technology-acquired-33308469.html :: Quorum's shareholders were advised by North East-based RG Corporate Finance (RGCF), led by partner and RGCF technology lead Nick Johnson with support from director Connor McBride, manager Euan Mulholland, and manager Ben Kain.
d268401d9806-skybound-wealth-appoints-private-wealth-ad :: Emmanuel brings close to 20 years of financial services experience, having become a financial adviser at one of the UK’s largest high street banks aged 22.
dains-accountants-confirms-two-acquisitions-225337.html :: Magma is an independent firm of chartered accountants, chartered tax advisers and financial advisers, providing services to owner-managed businesses.
discounts-platform-digital-rewards-group-31174704.html :: We worked closely with our financial advisers to choose an investor with a common set of values and experience of helping high growth digital businesses accelerate their growth plans, particularly with our expansion internationally.
dorset-based-precision-manufacturing-firm-27697464.html :: The disposal is the latest in a series of corporate finance deals that the law firm has handled for its engineering group client.
e99416c09485-azets-expands-northern-transactions-team.h :: David joins the firm’s corporate finance department and will work with clients across the region, adding significant transaction experience to the team.
e99416c09485-azets-expands-northern-transactions-team.h :: David’s appointment adds further senior expertise to the firm as it continues to develop its corporate finance capabilities.
equestrian-fashion-firm-aztec-diamond-27497013.html :: Ms McCabe was supported in her buyout by WilliamsAli Corporate Finance, with managing director Abu Ali leading on securing the finance.
f482f879be68-rg-corporate-finance-expands-team.html :: Carl Swansbury, partner and head of corporate finance at RGCF, added: “We are delighted to welcome Shannon to the firm.
f482f879be68-rg-corporate-finance-expands-team.html :: EF NGI Square One Law North East Chamber of Commerce Carl Swansbury and Shannon Quinn of RG Corporate Finance Published by Bdaily Bdaily Business News on 06 Jun 2026 North East-based corporate finance advisory firm RG Corporate Finance has appointed Shannon Qu
f482f879be68-rg-corporate-finance-expands-team.html :: In her new role, Shannon will support the firm's corporate finance activities across a range of sectors and transactions.
f482f879be68-rg-corporate-finance-expands-team.html :: Shannon’s appointment comes as RG Corporate Finance continues to expand across the North East, Yorkshire and London.
f482f879be68-rg-corporate-finance-expands-team.html :: She said: “RGCF has developed an excellent reputation as a highly respected and ambitious corporate finance boutique, with a strong track record of advising clients on significant transactions across a wide range of sectors.
facilities-management-giant-mitie-swoops-26823904.html :: RGCF's head of corporate finance Carl Swansbury and corporate finance manager Adam Tindale also advised.
fairstone-expands-in-scotland-with-double-acquisition-a :: The firm, which is led by independent financial advisers Colin MacLennan and Charlie Thomson, Albyn Associates, joined the DBO programme in December 2023.
fairstone-makes-first-acquisition-of-2021-221349.html :: The acquisition of Glasgow-based financial advisor Chartermarque comes after Fairstone secured further backing for its acquisition drive from TA Associates in February.
financial-advisory-firm-swoops-for-first-acquisition-in ::  Financial advisory firm swoops for first acquisition in seven years Thu, 09 Apr 2026 | BUSINESS SALE A Leeds-headquartered chartered financial advisory firm has completed its first acquisition in seven years with a deal for a local business.
financial-planning-firm-acquired-by-global-counterpart- :: All five financial advisors and support staff members from Blackett White will be kept on as part of the acquisition.
fintel-makes-double-acquisitions-worth-28101368.html :: The Huddersfield-based firm has bought VouchedFor - review site for financial advisers, mortgage advisers, solicitors and accountants - in a £7.5m cash deal with a further revenue-contingent sum capped at £10m, based on trading over the next two years.
fleet-services-company-sold-to-aa-plc-for-87m-cash-2186 :: Smith Cooper Corporate Finance advised on the deal.
flight-case-manufacturer-moves-to-acquire-counterpart-2 :: That's where a specialist corporate finance advisor is especially valuable so you know the best routes and options available for your situation and business plans."
foster-denovo-back-on-acquisition-trail-226846.html ::  Foster Denovo back on acquisition trail Thu, 05 Dec 2024 | BUSINESS SALE Foster Denovo has made its sixth acquisition in the last 12 months with the purchase of peer Brian Mole Independent Financial Advisers.
four-south-east-acquisitions-push-absolute-financial-pa ::  Four South East acquisitions push Absolute Financial past £2.4bn Sat, 08 Aug 2026 | BUSINESS SALE Absolute Financial Group, a UK independent financial adviser (IFA) consolidator, has completed four acquisitions in the South East of England, taking its total a
gambit-corporate-finance-announces-two-29246684.html :: Mr Forman said: “I am very proud to be promoted to partner at one of the leading Corporate Finance advisory firms in the UK.
gambit-corporate-finance-expands-new-27795647.html :: Dalkesh Monji has joined the Cardiff-based corporate finance advisory firm as an executive, moving from industry where he held a merger and acquisition role at EG Group, one of the world’s leading independent convenience retailers.
gambit-corporate-finance-toast-best-30836131.html :: Notable transactions included acting as lead advisor for Bridgend-based Nodor International in it becoming majority-owned by Inflexion Private Equity.
general-electric-to-sell-ge-capital-business-204821.htm ::  General Electric to sell GE Capital business Fri, 17 Apr 2015 | BUSINESS SALE GE Capital, a specialist corporate finance group, is up for sale by its parent company General Electric.
greater-manchesterbased-ifa-completes-third-acquisition :: Post-sale, Phil O’Connor, a chartered financial planner and accredited independent financial adviser, will continue to work closely with Suttons, serving as the main point of contact for his clients.
grocery-delivery-app-beelivery-acquires-pinga-and-targe :: The GS Verde Group acted as advisers to Pinga on the deal.
hanover-dairies-invest-after-sealing-26060348.html :: Ms Cuthbertson, corporate finance manager, added: “Hanover Dairies has a proven business model that is succeeding across its distribution network and now has the resources to promote its business model and environmen

hanover-dairies-invest-after-sealing-26060348.html :: Ms Cuthbertson, corporate finance manager, added: “Hanover Dairies has a proven business model that is succeeding across its distribution network and now has the resources to promote its business model and environmental focus further.
hcone-care-home-operator-on-the-market-217244.html :: Corporate finance firm Gleacher Shacklock has been taken on to oversee the sale, according to reports.
ik-partners-takes-majority-stake-in-birmingham-accounta :: The business offers a differentiated approach through its senior-led client relationships and delivery across a range of services, including: Accountancy & Business Advisory; Audit; Tax; Corporate Finance; Forensic Accounting; and Business Recovery.
impress-group-eyes-growth-buy-27670720.html :: The deal was supported by WilliamsAli Corporate Finance, le

impress-group-eyes-growth-buy-27670720.html :: The deal was supported by WilliamsAli Corporate Finance, led by Abu Ali and Tristan Woolcock.
independent-vetcare-acquires-derbyshire-veterinary-serv :: Reed said: "We were engaged as lead advisors to manage the sale process, which included liaising with solicitors, a pension fund, acquirers IVC, insurance brokers, and also HMRC, as a restructure was needed as part of the process.
inspired-energy-acquires-informed-business-solutions-in :: Mr Fletcher, according to Inspired Energy, has experience of mergers, acquisitions and corporate finance which fits well with Inspired Energy’s growth strategy.
k3-capital-group-acquires-quantuma-in-42m-deal-220491.h :: Through the acquisition, Bolton-based K3 hopes to bolster its capabilities such as restructuring and corporate finance, as part of its broader aim of expanding its professional services businesses.
kent-logistics-provider-completes-a-successful-acquisit :: Corporate finance advisers GCA Altium advised Carousel’s shareholders on the acquisition process.
kingswood-continues-acquisitive-growth-with-124m-deal-2 :: JFP Holdings is the holding company of financial advisory firm JFP Financial Services.
kingswood-holdings-make-4m-acquisition-and-targets-exte :: Admiral is a highly regarded provider of financial advisory services in North Lincolnshire and Yorkshire having consistently delivered a high-quality service to clients for over 30 years.”
latest-equity-deals-news-wales-27294036.html :: The firm is the exclusive UK partner in Corporate Finance Internationa

ldcbacked-lift-maintenance-firm-completes-latest-acquis :: Nathan Miller, Corporate Finance Executive at Kings Corporate, who identified Deltron as the buyer, described Exel Elevator as “a highly regarded business with a strong operational platform and an experienced team.”
leathers-llp-snapped-up-leading-26185524.html :: It offers a range of audit, accountancy, tax compliance and corporate finance services.
londonbased-ifa-acquired-by-us-group-229008.html ::  London-based IFA acquired by US group Mon, 30 Mar 2026 | BUSINESS SALE Maseco LLP, an independent financial advisor (IFA) based in London, has been acquired by US advice firm Creative Planning, subject to regulatory approval.
loyal-north-adds-40m-in-client-funds-with-latest-ifa-ac ::  Loyal North adds £40m in client funds with latest IFA acquisition Mon, 04 Sep 2023 | BUSINESS SALE Independent financial advisor (IFA) consolidator Loyal North has secured £40 million in client funds with its latest acquisition.
ma-advisory-completes-third-acquisition-in-buy-and-buil :: GS Verde Group Chief Executive Nigel Greenaway commented: "We are delighted to have acquired Anderson Shaw Corporate Finance and to welcome Peter and his team to The GS Verde Group.”
management-buyout-sunderland-mechanical-electrical-2983 :: Accountancy firm RMT supported with corporate finance and acted as tax advisors, while Owben’s exiting owners were advised by JLF Law.
manchester-united-takeover-seven-questions-26010358.htm :: The Raine Group is acting as United’s exclusive financial advisor and is in charge of the ongoing process.
mbo-dsg-chartered-accountants-partners-29904494.html :: It now has a team of 110, with services including tax advisory, audit and accounts, corporate finance, and payroll services.
mg-completes-acquisition-of-royal-londons-ascentric-220 :: The acquisition is part of M&G’s growth strategy as it looks to expand its services for financial advisers and their clients ahead of a concerted push in the UK’s wealth market.
mkc-wealth-makes-seventh-acquisition-of-the-year-225016 :: MKC Wealth Chief Executive Dominic Rose commented: “We continue our strategy of measured growth through the acquisition of like-minded businesses, including those of retiring financial advisers.”
mkc-wealth-makes-seventh-acquisition-of-the-year-225016 :: The company has acquired Holborn Financial, an independent financial adviser (IFA) based in South West London.
north-east-deals-week-key-25790464.html :: It has already managed more than £1bn of customer assets, with over £200m currently under its administration, and has a network of over 3,500 financial advisers across the UK that are using its platform.
north-east-deals-week-key-26229411.html :: It offers a range of audit, accountancy, tax compliance and corporate finance services.
north-east-deals-week-key-26869990.html :: Bernicia worked with corporate financial advisors Centrus to secure the new revolving credit facilities.
north-east-deals-week-key-27873341.html :: Ebac was introduced to Cynergy Business Finance by its financial advisor, TSF.
north-east-deals-week-key-27919556.html :: Established in 2004, Prism offers expertise on financial planning, including pensions, investments, and protection, with 17 independent financial advisers, 25 support staff and over £630m assets under advice.
north-east-engineers-fairley-gunn-29504330.html :: Carl Swansbury, partner and head of corporate finance at RGCF, said: “We are delighted to have advised Fairly Gunn Group on this acquisition.
north-east-housing-firm-bernicia-26849279.html :: Bernicia worked with corporate financial advisors Centrus to secure the new revolving credit facilities.
north-east-manufacturer-ebac-secures-27833706.html :: Ebac was introduced to Cynergy Business Finance by its financial advisor, TSF.
north-wales-financial-planners-assets-acquired-from-adm :: From 1998 the company has been based in Hawarden, North Wales, near Chester, and since then has seen considerable growth, taking on more financial advisers and additional staff to support and maintain its high level of service.
north-west-accountancy-makes-third-acquisition-in-16-mo :: Bennettbrooks, which was established in 1991, provides a range of accountancy services, including payroll, corporate finance, audit, tax planning, forensic accountancy and IT support.
northumberland-holiday-lettings-firm-coquet-28463230.ht :: The team was led by RGCF partner and head of corporate finance, Carl Swansbury, and included senior manager Connor McBride and executive Max Woodhouse.
nottingham-accountancy-acquired-by-xeinadin-228951.html :: GP&S supports a client portfolio that ranges from engineering companies to international travel operators and has specialisms across audit, taxation, corporate finance, payroll, VAT, secretarial services and business consultancy.
offshore-wind-support-specialist-cwind-27887466.html :: Inspirit was advised on the transaction by Stout (corporate finance), K&L Gates (legal), LCM (debt providers) and Colebrook Offshore (valuations).
owner-of-tgi-fridays-uk-considers-sale-216540.html :: Electra Private Equity, which acquired TGI Friday’s UK arm in 2014, is reportedly speaking to financial advisors to fully consider future options for its ownership of the restaurant chain.
perspective-hits-50-acquisitions-with-quadruple-takeove :: The company often targets acquisitions of companies in which senior figures are seeking to exit or retire, with the average age of independent financial advisers (IFAs) in the UK standing at 58 and one in five planning to retire within five years, according to
perspective-makes-seventh-acquisition-of-2021-as-advice :: Discussing his retirement, Mr Cook touched on several of the factors that are driving the current surge in financial advisory dealmaking.
perspective-makes-seventh-acquisition-of-2021-as-advice :: for retiring owners of independent financial advisers (IFAs) and the takeover of Wiltshire-based Avon duly follows the retirement of founder Stephen Cook.
perspective-moves-into-scotland-with-acquisition-of-pho :: Perspective Financial Group, a national firm of whole of market financial advisers, has acquired more than 130 businesses since 2008, including 20 last year and 29 in 2024.
pkf-francis-clark-announces-senior-28104725.html :: Mr Crocker, who joined the firm as a corporate finance partner in 2015, said: “Andrew has been instrumental in the growth of the firm as a partner, office head and managing partner, while preserving our friendly and supportive culture.
planet-organic-seeks-advice-over-planned-sale-215884.ht :: According to reports in the Daily Telegraph, the chain has appointed independent corporate finance firm Spayne Lindsay to gauge buyer interest in a deal that could be worth £50 million.
printing-providers-on-the-market-for-sale-217823.html :: Valuation and financial advisors Duff & Phelps have been called in to handle the sales process, who have since released documents highlighting the various skills and assets provided by the company.
prism-financial-advice-gateshead-acquired-27888572.html :: Established in 2004, Prism offers expertise on financial planning, including pensions, investments, and protection, with 17 independent financial advisers, 25 support staff and over £630m assets under advice.
private-equity-backed-swedish-company-acquires-educatio :: Carl Swansbury, partner and head of corporate finance at RGCF, along with CF manager Adam Tindale and CF executive Ben Kain, provided advisory services to the founders.
private-medical-insurance-firm-chase-templeton-on-acqui :: Chase Templeton's recent five purchases are adding consultant, broker and independent financial advisor books worth almost £6.3 million in annual premium income (API).
property-finance-giant-belvoir-expands-27611144.html :: Chief executive Dorian Gonsalves said: "We are delighted to announce the acquisitions of BMA Bristol and MAB (South West), which extend our network of experienced financial advisers across the South West, supporting both our franchisees at a local level, as we
property-finance-giant-belvoir-expands-27611144.html :: Chief executive Dorian Gonsalves said: \"We are delighted to announce the acquisitions of BMA Bristol and MAB (South West), which extend our network of experienced financial advisers across the South West, supporting both our franchisees at a local level, as w
rathbone-brothers-acquires-saunderson-house-at-43x-turn :: The acquisition also adds 2,200 clients, with an average portfolio size of around £2.2 million, and 55 financial advisers, bringing Rathbones’ in-house financial planners to 80.
recentlyestablished-wealth-management-firm-makes-second :: The acquisition of Wealth Professional follows quickly on from Nine Edge Wealth’s first acquisition, with the company purchasing Edinburgh-based financial advisory RMS Limited in March 2026.
record-deal-value-lexington-corporate-26931376.html :: The Cardiff-based firm’s best ever deal flow performance in the time frame, comes on the back of a strong start to 2023, which saw the firm join Eaton Square – an international membership of corporate finance advisers – and following a financial year that saw 
renewable-energy-firm-acquired-by-insulation-services-p :: The deal, which completed for an undisclosed fee, was backed by FRG Corporate Finance.
sale-completed-of-refrigerated-display-equipment-manufa ::  Sale completed of refrigerated display equipment manufacturer Tue, 17 Mar 2015 | BUSINESS SALE The sale of a refrigerated display equipment manufacturer has been completed by a corporate finance firm.
sanlam-uk-buys-tavistock-financial-in-1m-deal-215291.ht :: The sale by Tavistock's parent company, Tavistock Investments, which is also located in Cheltenham, includes a network of 158 financial advisers along with 25 support staff.
security-services-provider-acquired-at-close-to-8x-ebit :: RG Corporate Finance (RGCF) advised RH Irving Industrials’ shareholders on the deal, while legal advice was provided by Square One Law.
shoe-retailer-office-up-for-sale-220099.html :: Related News 09 Apr Financial advisory firm swoops for first acquisition in seven years | BUSINESS SALE A Leeds-headquartered chartered financial advisory firm has ...
south-west-financial-advisory-firm-28659137.html :: PKF - a firm of chartered accountants and business advisers with offices in Bristol, Exeter, Plymouth, Poole, Salisbury, Southampton, Taunton, Torquay and Truro - climbed six places to rank seventh most active financial adviser nationally.
south-west-financial-advisory-firm-28659137.html :: PKF also topped the South West's financial adviser rankings, with 52 such deals, up from 24 in 2022.
surrey-accountancy-practice-joins-bk-plus-229484.html :: Corporate finance, restructuring, complex tax planning, it is all there if a client needs it.
techdriven-wealth-management-firm-continues-ma-drive-22 :: 7IM, which was founded in 2002, manages in excess of £24 billion of assets for more than 2,300 financial advisory firms and 7,000 private wealth clients in the UK.
third-acquisition-year-palatine-backed-33771149.html :: Advisers to REKK included KBS (corporate finance) and Mackrell (legal).
thomas-carroll-group-sells-wealth-32922030.html :: As part of the deal three financial advisers from Thomas Carroll IFA and five client service and account managers will be transferring over to Titan Wealth.
thomas-carroll-group-sells-wealth-32922030.html :: The value of the deal for Thomas Carroll Independent Financial Advisers, which is subject to regulatory approval, has not been disclosed.
venture-capital-investor-praetura-raise-27125782.html :: "There are multiple reasons for this, including more financial advisers advocating VCTs to their clients and a rise in the number of highly innovative start-ups in the UK in sectors such as tech and health.
venture-capital-investor-praetura-raise-27125782.html :: \"There are multiple reasons for this, including more financial advisers advocating VCTs to their clients and a rise in the number of highly innovative start-ups in the UK in sectors such as tech and health.
vpeg-disposes-of-manufacturing-firm-interests-to-us-com :: VPEG was advised on the disposal by law firm Moore Barlow, the latest in a series of 13 corporate finance deals that the firm has handled for the group.
wearside-education-recruiter-ak-teaching-33317289.html :: Carl Swansbury, partner and head of corporate finance at RGCF, added: "AK Teaching is a North East success story, a business that has grown consistently, built

wearside-education-recruiter-ak-teaching-33317289.html :: Carl Swansbury, partner and head of corporate finance at RGCF, added: \"AK Teaching is a North East success story, a business that has grown consistently, built strong relationships with schools and candidates, and become an attractive acquisition for a highly
welsh-housing-association-completes-major-27451219.html :: The refinancing deal was advised on by corporate finance advisory firm 2Tix Ltd, with legal advice provided by Clarke Wilmott.
westbridge-group-renames-wbr-group-26110717.html :: “We have been really pleased at the response we have had from clients, staff, financial advisers and other intermediaries and can’t wait to continue to develop our people and grow our business.
williamsali-corporate-finance-acquired-restructuring-29 :: WilliamsAli was launched in 2020 following a buyout of Leathers Corporate Finance, with the stepping down of chairman Michael Leather.
yorkshire-accountants-shenward-buy-london-peer-as-part- :: With offices in Leeds, Cleckheaton, and now London, Shenward provides services including tax planning, audit and assurance, corporate finance, and business advisory.
